The seventh edition of the Kids Trophies Zauchensee was on 20/21 Sven March
performed in bright sunshine
Surfing Kids may want
he oversees a hundred participants
about every sample about 400 films ten starter retrospectively know about
children
Airplane left the Kids to Think all over Europe
and known the failed whether the leather
Twelve nations come out ten percent exhibitors very much from Ukraine
LeBlanc Slovakia Dakine Comoros partly incensed the hear living there
Bartling her Dorothee and I just too the super possibilities
are obviously from training ago
so in addition to taking hot race is all the more or less graduation and the
Reward for this season
Prerequisite for a race with this number of participants
is a suitable the SBU percent but we have excellent slopes Corp.
he will also be the place himself
Great cornet again together
So where you really what's great on the stomach Beisel Marotz Faust with ten
Vice 400 runners and of which are for the kids is especially the
Versatility race big challenge
even if it is very hard
understand
was
The ski racer career begins with Meyer's first race
we train life
England close to the 110 it head Rena long Stuttgarts remember like him
tells
this could be the trophy
already the ski racers good future
I believe that shows us that we are here for Klose
eleven companies in the toilet Beijing wants them should take care of us here via us
really always up there because of course only ten of her clothes and
Screen Euro order Aubert
he is said to have a few deaths the good chance of 5% in ten years
a year
I
so a teacher wants to replace an older man has been a hit for years
more
Arri Weser even more at 1 three older is device and software to Friedrich den
great is synonymous with the small
without sponsors
Euro, of course, must honestly say big kids
Interestingly enough, Aaron never sponsors UFT too soon though
natural eleven-year-old Nicky's target audience
Unfortunately this is dead but difficult to find sponsors again and again
percent
Persistence and good performance will be bomb reward that we're having with you this year
Pleasures our sponsors very very long showers visually immediately bass aspects
Atomic the wall and if it is the year from the beginning everything is very proud
after and I believe
It is really good and will always be the other way around
Sponsors then rewarded again
Percent for the support of testers youth sports it for the kids
under
Of course it will allow you to do sport at all
Euro without sponsors and without the parents and sports is not possible at all
And that's why companies soon differed internationally to race children
and thus support sports and youth
I was stressed on it here and there he always emphasized that he stressed that
to bring the mice
good event many actions
being both virtual worlds or ethanol
show or give information as possible victory
Animal parks when returning
There are differences in quality between the highest
for example, the olympic team and the Kids Trophy participants
Around double this money is used to mean
Way more himself once again demands now also firmly
rer
so that would be rather small
GST
especially for the Bochums coach Funkel the little runners but also the parents
can to like skis
The next session will be extensive Paston
the game maker of the world with ours
Artur Becker was seen there
Sander really excited everyone what they were
and especially in the evening that will not change anything so that the three Zwanzger
a boss
the official because Seper it very easily
a culprit turned
the controller a versatility run on Saturday morning again excellent
Services shown
and fought for every hundredth of a second
in addition to the domestic participants dominated above all
the riders and
Aura from the Czech Republic and readiness
but on Sunday, the classic Wesendorf danger
His frequent side by side made for a speedy settlement
DAPD
the slopes team worried despite the rising temperatures
for good conditions
Crashes could not be prevented but the race was running but flowing
to the last runner
to have hurt
Walchhofer did not take it despite the busy schedules
to take
to be at the award ceremony of the lot
better
have been with several hundred euros of euros
and what was her first reaction?
Cordes was up in Europe
could not repeat in the future
a colorful framework program is currently providing this
that the kids feel comfortable with the Kids True Faith
first saw
as men a lot of fun
positively the company into bankruptcy
rtr man sparing himself all sorts of injuries
But then they look forward to the first attempt
General Electric has
none of the Iceland did not leave such a good mood in the end
it indicates the annals there is then almost a church has been recognized
Niklas' situation was fraught with the Englishwoman